hey how's it going Dave TD here so this
is a video on three completely different
setups they have nice aesthetics they're
great performers but they're super
expensive okay first is the razor blade
pro version two it's similar to the
razor blade pro I reviewed a few months
ago it's still running the GTX 1080
still has the mechanical RGB keyboard
and the trackpad on the right with a
programmable scroll wheel but it has
faster RAM and overclockable CPU and THX
certification so these speakers are
amazing there is clear as the new
MacBook speakers but it has stronger
bass and they can get super loud the 17
inch display is also THX certified it's
excellent for content creation and
gaming its color calibrated at the
factory it's got 4k resolution it's
bright and it's running g-sync at 60
Hertz it's not the quietest laptop and
it's not the most powerful and with the
new overclock little CPU when you crank
it up the temperatures get pretty hot
but for gaming and video editing this is
one of the best laptops on the market
for $4,000 though I would never call
this a value oriented purchase it's a
very steep price tag but it's awesome
okay next up is a desktop PC this is a
bare-bones pre-built PC from ZOTAC it's
5.8 5 liters in volume it's really small
it's running a core i7 7700 a GTX 1080
but all the other stuff you got to
supply yourself it cost $1,800 and I
know you can build a custom PC for like
$7 that would crush this thing in terms
of performance for the money but it
wouldn't be this small and it wouldn't
be this quiet and those two things are
pretty important to me inside it's
running a samsung PM 961 a 500 gig SSD
and 32 gigs of ram from corsair the bias
gives you a good amount of fan control
you can keep the system running
incredibly quiet if you want and it will
ramp up the fans if you're doing heavier
stuff gaming and video editing
performance is surprisingly good
considering how compact the system is
the display is the 8k panel from Dell
the up-3 2-1 8k it has excellent color
gamut and accuracy and it's crazy
expensive it retails for $5,000 the
resolution
not obviously aimed at the professional
content creator who's working with
really high-res video or photo files and
I got to be honest I'm not part of that
demographic but the screen is awesome
the camera I used as a red scarlet W it
shoots in 5k and before this display I'd
never seen the full 5pa image before for
my camera at least not on one screen I'd
had to like zoom in and scope around to
kind of seize all the pixels but now I
can see all 5k regardless it's a really
nice screen to edit videos with it is in
fact the sharpest display of ever used
it does need a pretty beefy graphics
card to run it and you're using two
DisplayPort cables to make it happen
8k gaming is actually not too bad on the
zotac it's pointless though I mean I
would never play games of this
resolution but it is viable for some
games
if you're curious I'm running some
speakers from Kanto it sound really good
these aren't particularly expensive
speakers but I like them because of
their aesthetic matte gray clean design
and they also connect over Bluetooth so
you have less wires the keyboard is also
Wireless with cyan gmk key caps and I
also have a white Razer DeathAdder
there's one issue that I have with that
setup and it's a problem that most
people wouldn't have but because I'm old
and I have a kid and I have a pretty
intensive job outside of youtube I don't
like having that gaming pc around so I
have terrible self control when it comes
to PC games and I found over the years
that the best way for me to kind of
curve that addiction is to just not have
a gaming PC so this is the setup I like
the most the trash can Mac Pro it's
three and a half years old it's still
stupidly overpriced but fortunately I
can't put it over watch in Mac OS it is
the quietest desktop I've ever used and
it's also one of the fastest that I've
used for Adobe Premiere it's running a
10 core CPU with 64 gigs of RAM and
that's why I still use it there's
nothing on the market right now that has
a five and a half liter case that
crushes video edits like this and is
also virtually silent now as for why I
like cases that are so small and so
quiet like I don't know I'm weird I know
most of you won't appreciate that kind
of stuff most of you don't care about
things like that but it is important to
me the display is the 38 you see 99 from
LG this thing goes for $1500 this is one
of the more reasonably priced items in
the video but it's also my favorite
display for edits I actually prefer this
thing over
panel and for the stuff that I do I
think the display is perfect it's bright
excellent color gamut and color accuracy
there's enough of a curve to give you a
bit of immersion when you're watching
videos but it's not too distracting and
it has these PC input and the speakers
in here aren't bad actually don't use
speakers when I have it connected up to
the Mac just to keep things as clean as
possible but that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I mean there was no
sponsor to this thing there was no even
purpose to this video it's just to
showcase three really cool setups that
I've been able to use and I thought were
really impressive in case some of you
have really big budgets and you want to
go ham on buying a computer well now you
have three more options
[Music]